Flyyn - age: 18 - Flyyn has worked his life to become an adventurer, preferibly a knight, him and his best friend, Sina, have been playing adventures since
                  they met at age ten when beginning CLASS. He is quick to take on impossible tasks and wants the title of "hero" more than anything. His eagerness for 		  success often leads to him rushing into situations that he can't take on alone. He is a very loyal friend and kind to anyone he meets, he will never 			  give up on his quest. Flyyn trained very hard, but Sina always seemed to get better grades than him at everything.
                  on the day of graduation Flyyn was appointed the Bard class. He was upset, but still felt that he had it in him to be the best bard possible.
                  When Sina went on his first adventure without him, Flyyn was worried. News came back the Sina and his party had died in the field and all that
                  could be recovered was his harp. In memory of his freind Flyyn now uses that harp.

Sina - age: 18 -  Sina is Flynn's best friend. He is very smart and learns things easily. His goals were to become the strongest mage the world of [insert world
                  name] has ever seen. On the day of graduation he was appointed the Bard class. Sina hated the idea of becoming a bard and 

Uta - age: 20 -   Uta is a seasoned Bard. Unlike the other bards in town she has no problem finding work whenever she wants it so her skills are far more
                  honed than the members she shares a job class with. She doesn't allow any one to talk down to her and she is willing to stand up for herself when
		  other classes attempt to talk down on the bard class. She definitly has an ego and constatly has an unimpressed look on her face. She has never allowed
		  herself to have fun and is all business all the time. She firsts helps Flyyn because he reminds her of her younger brother who is attending CLASS.
		 
Hagane - age 15 - Uta's brother who was supposed to take after their father as one of the strongest Knights in Kyokou. His body is very slim and enjoys solving riddles
		  and reading books. His dream was to become a sorcerer and his knowledge on achient literature will help the Bards in their quest to save the world 			  since he knows the locations of the four elements.

Jin - age: 60 -   Jin is a teacher of CLASS and not a very good one.
